# ORTSO-bring-that-unique-sense-of-Britishness-to-the-world-of-the-Smartphone
by Maxine Emmett  Britishness – it’s a word that conjures up visions of individualism, style, quality and heritage. From the tradition of the Royal Family in their palaces and castles, to the quirky sense of fashion and a serious reputation for iconic music, the British are known for their eccentricity, and eclectic tastes. Combining all that is admired about the British the world over, ORTSO are a British company who are bringing their watch making experience and unrivalled reputation for quality timepieces to the world of technology, with a range of Analog Smartwatches that can’t fail to impress.   Not wanting to create just ‘another Smartwatch’ with the ‘same old’ functions, ORTSO have designed a range of Analog Smartwatches that deliver superlative looks along with exceptional functionality. And determined to stand out from the crowd, the look is very much geared to everyday use, in essence creating a new item of jewellery that integrates seamlessly into life and will always match your sense of unique style. Not content with just the usual Smartwatch features such as displaying incoming calls and messages, remote camera control, music control, diary alerts, SOS etc., ORTSO have ensured that the new range scores highly as a fitness device. As one of the fastest growing market areas of 2016, ORTSO have ensured that monitoring your fitness level and levels of achievement is a veritable breeze compared to the workout itself, with all the stats and readouts you need literally at hand. So working off that very English of affairs, the ‘Afternoon Tea’, is easy to monitor and track. Despite all the new enhancements, ORTSO remain insistent that their products represent value for money, enabling you to own the ‘Best of British’ for less English pounds than you think.  For more information look at the Orsto website: http://www.orsto.com Hi-res pictures available for journalists are on the website here : http://orsto.com/press-kit.html
